Hello
Welcome. What would you like to drink?
It's alright, please wait a moment.
WeChat Pay Receipt
Thank you for waiting.
There don't seem to be as many guests today as there were yesterday.
Open today on the first day.
Could someone yesterday
Ah, I didn't expect business to be so good on the first day.
Logically speaking, the new store opens.
It's normal for customers to join in the fun
But not so much
And I know why.
Why? Because our store has a treasure of the town store.
The treasure of the town store is you
Thank you.
I didn't expect to get money for coffee
My friend was right.
Really stupid and have a lot of money
Mr. Gu has also sent the last one today.
Continue tomorrow
Mr. Gu
We just looked at Miss Lin and the young master of the Li family
Have you been together?
Originally, if I only showed up now, you would
He just runs.
and
It's impossible for me to be with him